bootstrap contain alot of sh0rtcuts
bootstrap layout or it's own grid system is all about the col-12 system where the site page is divided into 12
every element can be alocated whatever size you want to create for it.
you can create a manualy grid system with bootstrap and let i be responsive
by using the container class, followed by the row class then the columns for each element and how many of the cols would they occupy
all things usually has a shortcut in bootstrap or everything is a class every function
every utility like flex borders padding and such.

sections and templates can be downloaded with a simple copy and paste and are fully customizable
you can choose the point of responsiviness with the sm, md lg, xl xxl tags it's awesome.


Web designing principles
is divided in 4 majors
1. color theory
2. Typography
3. User Interface designing
4. User experience Design

color theory
colors say the mood
red shows energy and intesity and more
yellow really attention grabing 
blue trust stable and more
green freshness
purple loyalty fememinity

all colors show some kind of mode, choose carefully

but in a site you don't use one color, probably one main color
we analougous selection of colors to create our color pallettte sometime chosing a color that is very close to the main
this usually create a graphics that is smooth peacfully comforting and sailing

we can use complementing color chosing
this is using a color that is opposite of the main color,and this usually create the pop you are loking for which is good sometimes
sometimes we use triadic color pallettte, or perfect square, you can find colour palletttes that are already create by designers in color hunt that might be good for your site.

Typography
the font matter annd just like the color its shows mood 
there are two major fonts
the serif and the sans-serif
the serif family are those with thte feet and they originated form the days of yore when we carve
the serif shows more authoratative and seriousness and it has evolve in the net, the more modern serif font the more sharper the edeges become

the other group are the sans-serif showing comfort stabilty colosenes and near and it has no feet of the serif

when choosing a font always choose those that are legible and more readeble
1. check the open spaces on the letters
2. check the spaces between them
3. check the ambiguty how different are 0 an O, how diffferent are 9 g.

you should not use more than 2 fonts,
you can choose to the same font just one lighter and the other bolder
or based on its serifness
choose fonts that there moods support each other.

User-Interface designers
not everyting has the same power and not everything needs the same power, as a designer you have to find what needs more poer for you clinet and you audience
the ways of achiving such power hierachy are
1. sizing
2. colour
3. layout(more pictuers less words, and the words line can be too long it becomes hard to read, and to short become too chunky, advisably you should use 40 - 60 characters per line)
4. alignment(the less the alignment points the better)
5. whitespace (very important shows elegance and imortance)
6. design for your audience(always, the audience comes first)

User-experience
the user experience is suppose to be invisible but exit
1. simple(keep things simple)
2. consistentcy(across the website and even across the web, if your site has a well known template online just follow it, don't create a new learning graph for the audience)
3. Reading patterns(design things according to the reading patterns of f or z)
4. dont use dark-patterns
5. design for more than one plartform(responsiviness and stil be consistent)


